Provide a fluent API for CSRF programmatic set up (#49618)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/security-csrf-prevention.adoc

include::{generated-dir}/config/quarkus-rest-csrf.adoc[leveloffset=+1, opts=optional]

[[csrf-prevention-programmatic-set-up]]
== Configuring the CSRF prevention programmatically

> The `io.quarkus.vertx.http.security.HttpSecurity` CDI event allows you to configure the CSRF prevention programmatically:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `quarkus-rest-csrf` extension is used, the `io.quarkus.vertx.http.security.HttpSecurity` CDI event allows you to customize the CSRF prevention programmatically:
```

[source,java]
----
package org.acme.http.security;

import io.quarkus.vertx.http.security.CSRF;
import io.quarkus.vertx.http.security.HttpSecurity;
import jakarta.enterprise.event.Observes;

public class CsrfProgrammaticConfig {
    void configure(@Observes HttpSecurity httpSecurity) {
        httpSecurity.csrf(CSRF.builder()
                .formFieldName("my-csrf-token")

>                 .tokenSize(38)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                .tokenSize(32)
```

Minor one, these sizes are usually divided by 8 (byte size)
